Symptom survey codebook and DUA user documentation (#155)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/symptom-survey/survey-files.md

---
title: Response Files
parent: COVID Symptom Survey
nav_order: 1
---

# Response Files
{: .no_toc}

> Users with access to the [COVID symptom survey](./index.md) aggregate data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with access to the [COVID symptom survey](./index.md) individual response data
```

should have received SFTP credentials for a private server where the data are
stored. This documentation describes the survey data available on that user.

> You should have signed a Data Use Agreement with Facebook and with CMU to gain
> access to these files. If you have not, aggregate data is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must a Data Use Agreement with Facebook and with CMU to gain
access to the individual survey responses. If you have not, aggregate data is available
```

[through the COVIDcast API](../api/covidcast-signals/fb-survey.md).

Important updates for data users, including corrections to data or updates on
data processing delays, are posted as `OUTAGES.txt` in the SFTP server directory

> where the data is accessible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the data is hosted.
```

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta}

1. TOC
{:toc}

## Naming Conventions

All dates in filenames are of the form `YYYY_mm_dd`.

Cumulative files:

> 	cvid_responses_{from}_-_{to}.csv.gz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`cvid_responses_{from}_-_{to}.csv.gz`
```

Author: Not needed in Markdown; indentation already turns this into a code block

Incremental files:

> 	cvid_responses_{for}_recordedby_{recorded}.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`cvid_responses_{for}_recordedby_{recorded}.csv`
```
